What was your first job in Columbia and how much did it pay?

The Missourian asked people those questions on Facebook, and the responses brought back all sorts of memories.

For some, the minimum wage for that time period doesn't align with what people remember making. Memories can get fuzzy after decades of work.

Cherri Westbrook: "My husband and I both worked at Campus Twin back in the 70's. I made $1.36 an hour and my husband made $1.15 an hour!"

Carolyn J Sapp: "Ben Franklin Deptment store in Parkade Plaza 1967 $1.00 per hour. On paydays after getting off work I would stop across the street at Mugs-Up and buy a gallon of Root Beer. When I got home with my Mom and Dad would make all of us a Root Beer Float."

Hugh Scott Kellogg: "Biscayne III Cinema. Paid $2.25/hr. All the free movies anywhere in town. Worked there for ten years from high school through undergrad thru veterinary school."

Becky Redding Moore: "University Hospital — I was a Utility Aide. Stocked supplies, passed ice water to patients and cleaned and sterilized metal bedpans and urinals. Paid $2.72/hr in 1976. Whenever my kids complain about their jobs I tell them about this job."

Steven Sapp: "Route carrier for the Columbia Daily Tribune at 12 years old. Walked the route under the post man's crede and had to spend 4 or more evenings a month collecting the monthly subscription from each customer. We had to buy the rubber bands and our canvas delivery pack. We were required to place the paper on the porch. No plastic film sleeves back then so rain and snow posed a real problem. Carriers were independent contractors and we purchased and then paid for the papers. Can't remember what I made each month .. but as a 12 year old, I thought I was rich. Bought a stereo with an 8-track tape player after saving for a few months."

David Sprague: "1988, Nowell's on Nifong. $3.35/hour. Bagging groceries and clean up. Worked there for about a year-and-a-half. Plastic bags were introduced during my 'tenure.' I remember thinking, 'These things are a pain in the butt. They don't standup. They're not sturdy. These will never last.' So much for that. I may have been one of the first people in Columbia to utter the phrase, 'Paper or plastic?' So, there's something that can go on my tombstone."

John Meyers: "Ticket scalper when I was 12 years old outside the MU stadium. $50.00/hour."

Kathryn Pfremmer Hawkins: "My Dad dropped me off at DQ across from DHHS and said "I got you a job here" my father wanted me to learn the biz as he had owned KuKu Burgers, Dynomite, Jacks Goumet and 2100 West. This was in 1975. You could work legally at 15. I was paid $2.01 per hour and that was not a server wage then. That didn't change for maybe thirty years. My brother Ralph Pfremmer followed the path also."

Lisa Balsamo Magruder: "Forum Theater 1975 .87 an hour. Yes, that's 87 cents! And all the free popcorn and soda I could stuff in my belly and could go to any movie theater in town for free. Worked there for 4 years from age 16-20 (I did get a few raises) — back when the first Star Wars movie came out."

Scott D. Vroegindewey: "In the spring of 1965, I hand-carried Sherwin-Williams' circulars house to house and made $100 for two days' work. I spent half of it on a new bike. Later that year I sold pop at home Missouri football games, and pop sold for 50 cents each or $12.50 a tray of 25 drinks, but we earned only 50 cents per tray. On a good day, I earned $15. I also sold programs and commission was 50%, but nobody bought any of them from me because I wore Nebraska's school colors of red and white (I was born in Lincoln, NE and was a Cornshuskers' fan, even though Missouri had excellent teams at the time)."

Mary Pinnell Wulff: "I started at Dunkin Donuts in 1976 for $1.85 or $2.10, (can't recall) and tips from the many regulars and Policemen who sat at the counter. We even served soup! I would walk or ride my bike there at 6AM wearing my pink dress and my donut trees apron!"

Steve Baumann: "Not my first job, but one of them was at the Koch fuel station on Rt. B. The first week, I was able to get in 60 hours. When I went to get my paycheck, there stood 3 big good old boys from Centralia, one being the manager. He said 'Son, your till is missing 'zactly as much as your check, so sign it over and get outta here.' They scammed me good, nothing I could do. I know my 'till' was right. Much later, my girlfriend (now wife) were sitting at the intersection of the business loop and old hwy 63, looking west. Over in the east lane, at the stoplight, was the manager, waiting in his van for the light to change. I told Hilary 'there that guy is that ripped me off' and there and then — his radiator hose blew. That was cool.

Patty Cornell: "Neates Dry Goods. It used to be where Tellers is now.1975 or 76. I made whatever minimum wage was back then but my check was usually void because they carried cute things I couldn't resist.

Ron Daniel: "Bull Pen Cafe in 1961. Started as the dishwasher for 65 cents an hour. I was 14 years old. Worst day to work was Hog sale day on Wednesdays or Thursday's, as the Bull Pen was built on the front of the livestock sale barn. The smell was staggering... Outside, not inside the restaurant. The food was great and the farmers loved it."

David Biddle: "Bus boy, Flaming Pit restaurant at Parkade Plaza, circa 1973 (I was 15). $1.35/hr. They said you get dinner w job. Turns out they took meal 'at cost' out of pay check. $3.85. I learned a lesson. It took almost 3 hrs of work to pay for dinner. My shift was 6 hrs long. The dishwasher clued me in after my first paycheck: save uneaten steak and baked potatoes off of plates I bussed. During our 8:30 break we had a feast every night! I went on to become the Recycling Coordinator for the City of Philadelphia nearly 40 years later."

Maxine Anderson: "Arcel Garment Company in 1944 - 45. Paid by the number of garments I folded. I was a senior at University High and worked from 3 P.M. until all the garments that were made that day were all folded even if we had to time out at 9 p.m. (state law) and come back and finish folding (without pay)....those were the days."

Jeannine Perkins: "My very first was at the very first pizza parlor in Columbia. The name was TONY's. It was located on Broadway where Tropical [Liqueurs] is located today. I was Tonys first waitress Sixteen years old and scared to death. I made 65 cents per hour. Tony taught me how to hand toss the dough. Took a long time before it didn't fall on my arm there were no dough pressures back then.

"The first pizza I served I was walking to the booth a couple I knew was looking a me when all of a sudden I dropped the  pizza upside down on the floor. I picked it up an went to Tony. He made them another one at no charge. I went to throw the pizza out but Tony grab it and served it to the next one ordering one like it."

Paula Evans: "1985 McDonalds on the Loop. $3.35/hr. Met a lot of people that I am still friends with today. Friday and Saturday nights were the best when all the cruisers would come to the drive thru, of course I would have much rather been out with them. I would always join them later when I got off work smelling of pickles and onions."

Susan Matches Delano: "Albert-Oakland pool as cashier/concessions. $1.42 an hour! (That's the number that sticks with me - it could have been less! It was always just below minimal wage because we weren't "full-time" employees."

Janet Huggler Trent: "1982, The Carousel Hot Dog Stand in the Biscayne Mall. I can't remember for sure...but $2.85 or $3.15 sticks in my head. It was minimum wage, whatever pitiful amount that was at the time."

 Vicki Pugh Mansfield: "J. J. Newberry dime store on Broadway in 1963 for Christmas help. I seem to remember $.50 hour and had to take a math test as part of application process, plus go to school board office on Range Line and get a work permit proving I was 16!"

Terry Whitt Pfeiffer: "Sold Cracker Jacks in the stands at Mizzou football games. Made $.10 per box. 1977."

Terry Old: "Paperboy for the Tribune in Ashland. Circa 1969. I remember somewhere around $60-80 a month. Big money for a kid."